# jAVA_Interview
## 1 what difference between JDK and JRE?
  jdk> jre 
  jdk includes java runtime Envionment (JRE), an interpreter/loader (Java) ,a compiler(javac), an archiver(jar),
  a docunmentation generator(javaDoc) and other tools needed in java development.
  jre stands for java runtime environment , the java runtime environment provides the minimum requirements for executing a java application
  it consists of the java virtual machine(JVM) ,core classes ,and supporting files.
  
## 2 what difference between == and equals 
  == checks if both objects point to the same memory location whereas .equals evaluates to the comparison of values in the objects.
  
## 3 hashcode the same equals? 
 so it is not necessary that two different object will have same hash code are equal. hashcode() returns a unieque integer id for each object
 ...on the other hand ,if the hash code is the same ,then you must execute the equals() method to datermine whether the values and fields 
 are the same.
 
## 4 what is effect of final in java ? 
 final keyword is used in different contexts,first of all, final is a non-access-modifier applicable only to a variable .a method or a class .
 Final variable  to create constant variables;
 Final Method    prevent Method Overringing;
 Final Classes   prevent Inheritance;
 
## 5 java Math.round() method  
   the method is a built-in math function which returns the cloeest long to the agrument.
## 6 java String 
   String is a sequence of characters in java  objects of string are immuntable which means a constant and cannot be changed once created.
   
## 7 waht difference betwwen StringBuffer StringBuilder  
  as a result,StringBUilder is faster than StringBUffer .StringBuffer is mutable.it can change in terms of length and content .
  StringBuffers are   thread-safe ,meaning that they have synchroized methods to control access so that only one thread can access  a StringBuffer objects synchronized code at a time.
  
## 8 what is difference between String str="i"  and String str=new String("i") 
 Both expression gives you String object, but there is subtle difference between them. When you create String object using new() operator, it always create a new object in heap memory. ... Otherwise it will create a new string object and put in string pool for future re-use.
 
## 9 how to reverse String  
 
## 10 String usually methods  
 
## 11 Abstract must have abstract methods ? 
 no
## 12 what is difference between ordinary class and abtract class? 
 Image result for abstract class and method in javawww.youtube.com
Abstract classes cannot be instantiated, but they can be subclassed. In other words, a class that is declared with abstract keyword, is known as abstract class in java. It can have abstract(method without body) and non-abstract methods (method with body).
## 13 abstract classs can be  final 
 A method can never, ever, ever be marked as both abstract and final, or both abstract and private. Think about it—abstract methods must be implemented (which essentially means overridden by a subclass) whereas final and private methods cannot ever be overridden by a subclass.

## 14 what is difference between abstract class and interface  
 Main difference is methods of a Java interface are implicitly abstract and cannot have implementations. A Java abstract class can have instance methods that implements a default behavior. Variables declared in a Java interface is by default final. An abstract class may contain non-final variables.
 
## 15 how many io in java ? 
 
## 16 what is difference between NIO AIO BIO ? 

## 17 what method be use in java Files  
 
